Added warning about query cache in relation to parameters (#10276)
doctrine/doctrine2: docs/en/reference/filters.rst

    In the case of joined or single table inheritance, you always get passed the ClassMetadata of the
    inheritance root. This is necessary to avoid edge cases that would break the SQL when applying the filters.

> For the filter to correctly function the following rules must be followed, failure to do so will lead to unexpected results from the query cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the filter to correctly function, the following rules must be followed. Failure to do so will lead to unexpected results from the query cache.
```

`following rules must be followed` sounds funny, but I have no suggestion here.

Author: "the following rules must be respected" or "the following rules must be observed" ?

  1. Parameters for the query should be set on the filter object by ``SQLFilter#setParameter()`` before the filter is used by the ORM ( i.e. do not set parameters inside ``SQLFilter#addFilterConstraint()`` function ).

>   2. The filter must be detrimistic. Don't cahange the values base on external inputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  2. The filter must be deterministic. Don't change the values base on external inputs.
```
